Monorepo: Client preparing Releases (#1491)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/blockchain/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 5.4.1 - 2021-09-24

### Experimental Casper/PoS and Merge Support

> This release adds first experimental Casper/PoS respectively Merge HF support by allowing to build a blockchain which switches to Casper/PoS consensus validation at some point triggered by a merge HF occured. The `Blockchain` library now allows for taking in the respective Casper/PoS conforming blocks (see `@ethereumjs/block` release v3.5.0), do the correct validations and set the HF accordingly (Merge HF-related logic and a new PoS consensus type have been added to the `Common` library along the v2.5.0 release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds first experimental Casper/PoS respectively Merge HF support by allowing to build a blockchain which switches to Casper/PoS consensus validation at some point triggered by a merge HF occurred. The `Blockchain` library now allows for taking in the respective Casper/PoS conforming blocks (see `@ethereumjs/block` release v3.5.0), do the correct validations and set the HF accordingly (Merge HF-related logic and a new PoS consensus type have been added to the `Common` library along with the v2.5.0 release).
```
